what's up fitness friends i am
oscar and if you broadly in t shirt from
you want to see, then you are exactly here
right because I'm in my grad
mass phase and I have my t
shirts selected from earlier and the
I'll try it on now
Let's see what has developed today
tomorrow was on the scale 81.5 so I
my goal is getting closer and closer
but I will continue with
with the mass phase though some
I want to know but that's what you get
also to see sooner or later
I'm doing just as well
progress that I stick to it and
I have a few t-shirts from the
I got most of the cupboard
I already sorted out in the cellar
but still a lot of pan and maybe
I still find some photos like me
earlier the t shirts I still say one
was running and then you will see that
you just have to go to mass
to look the cut really good
I'll start trying it on
I'm here so'n t-shirt from an old
versace and I used to have the size s
carried
Let's see how it pair me now
We even have the right concrete in the past
dining tables with me at the poor
wide and have played and now
so now it is really tight
above all things to the arm he right
tight though that's actually what you are
continue to pull it down and apply it to everyone
case here on the chest also a bit
seen in any case fitting
Anyway, we'll go straight to it
second son red too versace jeans
couture and it also has to be
Let's see what looks like it has earlier
schwafelt on my whole body
I'm lost in it and now you can
you see how cool that is here
here it is all over the arm
of course, really tight
let's go on I want the video
not to be too long but
I find myself boring somehow
all time just move for you
always show what i have in my mass
have achieved and that is definitely
So that is also a size, it is a
But I have a new brand earlier
Training had to
Look, I look like a jerk
so that the school because it is so tight
Of course , all of them took all the t-shirts
that too very close
you can see here also on the breast
even though my breast is not that big
is you know, yes, but that even at the
chest too tight and everywhere on the back
Of course, too, and ultimately too good
last such a shirt here by h & m or
so size m near jack and jones and
there you are your photo earlier of that
at the beginning when I bought that
I'm sunk blind
so it was pretty wide though
such a slim card is later it became me
ever closer and closer
and now
I can barely move in there
can you really see if you are up
party goes or such and such a shirt on
has to have size m and that is
Watching the people already had it in
training
so I can barely do it because it's here
so also goes from mum
I can not feel so good then
I think it would even break if
I really tense is the rips
the same, I mean I was not anymore
continue on
look at the poor at the is that
a shirt looks like English
I can hardly move in it
In any case, is uncomfortable so m
I will not even go to 11 or
even to xl grab now so
Tight t-shirts may look good though
are not that comfortable anyway
led to watch so if your t
Shirts should be tight by buying one
a little smaller size and goes down to earth
then everyone will see that you
has trained but then sees
not so defined when you do that
t shirt undresses
but if you 're on partys or something
you know everyone
the trained thanks for watching
stay a lot of fun while training
continue watching